---
layout: splash
title: "Values"
permalink: /values/
author_profile: false
---


### Relevance & Impact

I care about the real world and doing good in it: I want to do policy relevant and/or socially impactful work. I want to present analysis that allows policymakers to make better informed decisions, and thereby, make policy decisions that are more likely to lead to the desired outcome because it is based on an accurate assessment of the situation. I was passionate about writing for <a href="https://thediplomat.com/authors/mina-pollmann/">*The Diplomat*</a> because I was motivated to help readers understand world events in real time. I also want to present analysis that motivates or pressures policymakers to act in more just and responsible ways. Though this was only a one-time opportunity, I was also passionate when writing this piece for Debating Japan (CSIS) on <a href="https://www.csis.org/analysis/resolved-japan-has-not-done-enough-bolster-immigration">Japan needing to do more on immigration reform</a> because this is a pressing social and economic justice issue that deserves greater international scrutiny. 

### Originality

I am inspired when I am doing original work. Being original requires both creativity to come up with new ideas, and the courage to stick by them. I am currently working on developing probabilistic counterfactual analysis as a method for historical research (working paper coming soon). This is, as far as I know, the most innovative methodological breakthrough in counterfactual analysis for studying political and diplomatic history since Frank Harvey developed comparative counterfactual analysis in 2012. Being original also means participating in the global discourse as someone willing to point out contradictions or difficult trade-offs others ignore, and someone looking ahead of others at future challenges and opportunities. It was in this spirit that I wrote this article for The Tokyo Review on the <a href="https://www.tokyoreview.net/2019/06/us-japan-embrace-unequal-alliance/">need to recalibrate US and Japanese expectations for the alliance to be more realistic</a> and this article on the <a href="https://www.tokyoreview.net/2021/02/japan-can-remain-an-important-u-s-ally-despite-demographic-challenges/">impact of Japan's aging on the functioning of the US-Japan alliance</a>.

### Essentialism
<a href="https://gregmckeown.com/books/essentialism/">Essentialism</a> is the principle of "doing less, but better, so you can make the highest possible contribution." It is a principle that can be applied to all aspects of life - including work. Currently, as a PhD Candidate, I practice this principle by focusing solely on my dissertation research. I only take on side projects that give me professional fulfillment in other ways (e.g., opportunities that allow me to do relevant or original work) or side projects that were originally part of the dissertation but became side projects because they no longer fit the scope of the dissertation (e.g., my work on probabilistic counterfactual analysis). I believe my dissertation will be better for the undivided attention I have been able to give it over the last five years, and will continue to give it until it is completed. Another way I practice essentialism is by limiting myself to three interests, three skills, and three values on my website - though, of course, I have more interests, skills, and values than just three!